so I'm starting at the end of the story
here this is an email I received today
and this is not the first time that
Michael has threatened to make our
private email public apparently is going
ahead with it and so that is what has
forced me to make this video sharing
private correspondence with you the
audience cuz he's gonna do it anyway and
he's made it very clear that he's gonna
do this to try to blacken my character
or show everyone what a terrible
manipulative person I am again it's not
as if I'm out here even disputing that
I'm a terrible person but go ahead
Michael
this I'm showing first because it is the
reason why I'm sharing correspondence in
the rest of this video that otherwise I
would have treated as extremely
sensitive extremely private and would
have taken to my grave with me as a
secret fundamentally I mean I feel pity
for the guy I feel sorry for the guy
I don't really know it again I don't
have any inside information about about
what his situation is but obviously
there's a lot of suffering at his end
obviously in terms of sympathy I'd like
to think I can imagine how difficult the
position he's in really is and how you
know he feels he's fighting for his own
sense of honor and dignity he's fighting
for his girlfriend so a sense of honour
day-to-day and you know I mean obviously
early on especially when he started
lashing out at me I just assumed it was
for that reason I just assumed will gut
you know this guy's got a lot of pent-up
grief and anguish and now he's lashing
out at me when obviously there are other
people he should be he should be lashing
out at but you know be that as it may I
don't hate him for that and if you read
this correspondence I I think very few
people are gonna really have the
attention span to read this
correspondence I don't find it
interesting I think if you read it with
any sense of who I am if you're someone
who's watched my channel for a while you
will realize that on the one hand on
being skeptical and reticent because
this guy has sent me really conflicting
and self contradictory information
internally so cluttered what he said to
me and what hannah has said to me is
self-contradictory it is and secondly
you know um I'm just trying to help
like I'm just talking this guy's okay
what do you want
to do like how can I help because
basically he turned on me at a point
where he stationed this in the earlier
video at one point he just started
saying to me that I was supporting
durianrider story during writers version
of events and not Hanna's version and I
was I was shocked as how can you having
this possibly be true what do you mean
and I kind of read through what he said
very carefully at that turning point and
went back and kind of looked at my video
and look at his videos and I said okay
so what you mean must be that even
though you've stated publicly it's not
about rape even though hannah has stated
publicly it's not about rape even though
I had one Skype conversation with Hannah
in which there was absolutely no
suggestion whatsoever that rape was any
consideration or factors that the r-word
came into that rape was not a factor
although sex was you know the word sex
was used in the report rape wasn't um
you know I put the pieces together my
sister so it must meet be that what
you're insinuating here is that I'm not
supporting your version of the story
because I'm not reading between the
lines that what you really mean is that
there was rape even though you've
explicitly said publicly that there was
no rape and you've said to me in private
communication email on this one Skype
conversation that there was you know
there was there was no way here's the
reply from Hannah Chloe you will just
note that I have highlighted in yellow
there her confirmation that yes she did
publicly say that there was no rape
quote Heysel thanks to reply I'd like to
address a couple of points you made
quote you describe the sex is consensual
she replies I'm certain I never
described what happened in any detail
and as I said in my previous email the
issue of consent was never addressed
well look rape allegations are very very
serious obviously she doesn't have to
discuss with me I'm not really asking
for to discuss it with me in any detail
or what-have-you but it's not really a
defensible position to say that it's
neither rape nor consensual she replies
that is not true I have only made one
statement publicly since my video that
statement said I had not accused him of
rape because he had an
raped me that is a very important
statement and again someone like Noor
vegan someone like Michael has to
consider seriously the position that
puts me in
that's her public position on the issue
which is not the same thing as saying
that I had sex with him I realized that
it is just semantics but this is of
particular importance to me I would
never equate what happened with him as
being as he likes to repeat adult
consensual sex well you said it's not
rape so that it was the position I was
put in and anyone following the story as
I was putting it so i can to some extent
sympathize the position he was in
as stated you know i just imagined that
being a tremendously stressful i mean
he's in a defensive position where for
his own honor and his girlfriend's sake
of honor and you he probably feels he's
working against a huge crowd of very
angry during writer supporters you know
i'm it's not hard for me to imagine what
that's like his his public position but
he seems to be incapable of sympathizing
with my position this final paragraph is
significant in its way because what
hannah Chloe is doing here is exactly
what Noor vegan refuses to do Nora vegan
refuses to ever admit that I'm being
reasonable and she says here quote I can
understand that having that Skype
conversation with me and then seeing
that public statement ie her public
statement just quoted that there was no
rape
combined with the innumerable times
during writers repeated this story would
give you no reason to believe it was
anything but consensual again I had
spoke to Hannah directly I had no reason
to believe it was anything but
consensual and Hannah herself
acknowledges this at this stage so I
don't know wine or vegan finds it in
comprehensible nor vegan has declared
he's trying to make me seem psychopathic
sociopathic narcissistic unreasonable
well Hannah could recognize that I was
being reasonable
that at this point I had no reason to
believe it was anything but consensual
hand I can recognize that noir vegan
can't or chooses not to and thus he
creating conflict where there shouldn't
be any conflict he's creating drama
where there should not be any drama a
continuum of quotation I think that a
lot of this will be addressed in
Michaels video help me to we can prove a
lot of what during writer said to be
lies and my story is consistent with
several things like mr. Smith young
women which would be too coincidental
for us to manufacture nor vegan you
should have just let this conflict cease
to exist at this point I myself had
repeatedly argued to you it expressed
you we had no reason to be enemies but
you insisted on making an enemy of me
you insisted on making private
correspondence public you repeatedly
declared to me that you were going to
prove to the world what a terrible
person I am look everybody already knows
I'm a terrible person but your
girlfriend Hannah was fundamentally
being reasonable here and just saying
acknowledging I'd spoken to her
privately by email and by Skype I had
read the public statements there was no
reason for me to think the sex was
anything but consensual she sees it you
can't or you won't